P6-P7
使用過去簡單和過去進行式描述過去發生的事情。
It was raining so we didn’t go to the beach. Instead, we went bowling!

P10
1.	I was walking to work when I saw my friend Sam.
2.	She was sitting on the sofa when the earthquake happened.
3.	It was raining outside when we decided to picnic in the park.
4.	They were waiting for the bus when there was a car accident in front of them.

P12.
1.	Think about the story about the tiger.
I really liked tigers when I was a kid. I thought they were cool. And I collected many sticks and toys about tigers.
2.	Tell a story about a time I got surprised!
As I was a college student. I was in the library. I hit the books because the exam stated tomorrow. My classmate ran behind me and scared me when I was studying very hard.

P16.
1.	By the time I was 10, I had been to twenty countries.
2.	By lunchtime yesterday, we had eaten so much expensive food, like Truffle, Foie gras.
3.	By the time we arrived, the party had begun, people were eating food. 
4.	Before she left, colleagues had got off work.
5.	By the time the summer came, tickets of tourist attractions had been sold out.

P19.
They were having a meeting at the office. There were seven people. Two people had been yelling at each other when other colleagues were sitting in their seats. They had been shocked to see this situation.

P22.
1.	The woman had been standing next to the bus stop for two hours. The bus driver had been late so many times.
2.	It had been raining outside. We had stayed at home for an entire morning.
3.	He had played tennis well when he was a tennis Athlete. But now, he was old. He can’t play well than before.
4.	The woman had been watched her phone so she had not seen there was a shit in front of her.

P24.
1.	About a holiday:
Lunar calendar in Taiwan, In August fifttenth. It is moon Festival. People in Taiwan usually have a barbecue and eat moon cake. Ya, I remember when went to my friend’s home. He had invited so many people to his house. They had been starting barbecue when I was walking to his place. I had been late haha. After barbecue, we played sparkers.
2.	About your first week at a job.
It is my first job. I woke up early. I was walking to the company when I saw many cars had been parking on the parking lot. HR had waited for new employees include me in the service counter. She guided us to a room. She taught us the company policy and later she guided us to our working place. I was nervous when I first saw my colleagues. I found that I had seen one of colleague before; He was the man who had taught me in the university. He had been a tutor in college.
3.	A story about something that happened when you were a child.
I was five years old. I was sleeping. Suddenly, My mom woke me up. And told me ran outside. The earthquake happened. 7.3 earthquake struck Taiwan in 9/21. It rattle the region, rocked buildings and homes. It had shaked for 102seconds. So horrible!
4.	A story of your choice.
Japan trip

P25.
Favorite book, film, TV program.



